win http (#6)
ManickaP/blog-post-net7.0: win-http.md

# `WinHttpHandler` additions

> `WinHttpHandler` uses WinHTTP underneath and to add support for a feature, that feature must firstly exist in WinHTTP. In this release, there are two additions that expose or enable WinHttp features for HTTP/2. Both of them are part of a larger theme ([dotnet/core#5713](https://github.com/dotnet/core/issues/5713)) to allow users to use [gRPC .NET](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-dotnet) on .NET Framework.

Reviewer: You may disregard my changes to the first sentence

```suggestion
`WinHttpHandler` uses WinHTTP underneath, so, prior to adding support for a feature on .NET level, that feature must initially exist or be added to WinHTTP first. In this release, there are two additions that expose or enable WinHttp features for HTTP/2. Both of them are parts of a larger effort ([dotnet/core#5713](https://github.com/dotnet/core/issues/5713)) to allow users to use [gRPC .NET](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-dotnet) on .NET Framework.
```

Author: Fixed.

> `WinHttpHandler` uses WinHTTP underneath and to add support for a feature, that feature must firstly exist in WinHTTP. In this release, there are two additions that expose or enable WinHttp features for HTTP/2. Both of them are part of a larger theme ([dotnet/core#5713](https://github.com/dotnet/core/issues/5713)) to allow users to use [gRPC .NET](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-dotnet) on .NET Framework.

Author: Done.

First is support for trailing headers ([dotnet/runtime#44778](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/44778)). For .NET Core 3.1 / .NET 5 and higher, the trailing headers are exposed in [`HttpResponseMessage.TrailingHeaders`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.http.httpresponsemessage.trailingheaders?view=net-6.0). For .NET Framework, they are exposed in `HttpRequestMessage.Properties["__ResponseTrailers"]` since there is no such property as `TrailingHeaders` on .NET Framework.

The other addition is support for bidirectional streaming ([dotnet/runtime#44784](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/44784)). This change is completely seamless and `WinHttpHandler` will automatically allow bidirectional streaming when appropriate, i.e. when request content doesn't have a known length and when underlying WinHTTP supports it.

> Another feature we exposed, is ability to configure [TCP keep-alive](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1122#section-4.2.3.6). TCP keep-alive is used to keep idle connection open and to prevent nodes in the middle, like proxies and firewalls, from dropping the connection sooner than the client expects. In .NET 6.0 we have added 3 new properties to `WinHttpHandler` to configure it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another feature we exposed is the ability to configure [TCP keep-alive](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1122#section-4.2.3.6). TCP keep-alive is used to keep an idle connection open and to prevent nodes in the middle, like proxies and firewalls, from dropping the connection sooner than the client expects. In .NET 6.0 we have added 3 new properties to `WinHttpHandler` to configure it:
```
